what's going on guys welcome to part two
and my family guy online beta let's play
club you know a lot more will be
unlocked for this new MMO online game
it's really awesome this recently just
came out it's my favorite show so I'm
doing a series on it so do me a favor by
hitting the like button sharing this
video around with your friends your
family share it on Twitter Facebook hit
the like button comment favourite it and
just you know to share it around and
it'll help me grow so the question of
the video which I want you guys to leave
a comment below is what's your favorite
Family Guy episode mine's personally is
the one where Brian and Stewie and they
get stuck in the bank vault and the
thing that makes me laugh about it is
because they're in there and they get
drunk off the champagne that's Brian's
and Stewie starts dancing and then he's
like I feel like dancing and he starts
dancing and stuff and I've been proud
just the way that Brian was amazing yeah
yeah you got some moves and you gotta
love like the herbert the pervert the
guy mmm Chris Clapham cheeks that was
like the worst ever but alright go away
don't ever go shopping because that just
takes you somewhere else
alright so we're gonna have to beat up
the ska guy so we got two different
attacks here I believe well if it isn't
King lard-ass
fights I guess we gonna learn is the
song oh is this
come shot
let's see beating nearby beating him
attack that's what she said yeah buddy
yeah yeah teabag teabag yeah better you
better disappear teabag son
good job fitty cent this is basketball I
want to shoot some hoops
so now we have to return to Chris
Griffin Griffin daughter
I can't wait to this games fully
released I want to see everything that's
gonna offer don't forget I have a pretty
sweet series on this ah I'm having a lot
of fun so far I hope you guys are
enjoying it so far it's Family Guy I
don't know how you could not like it so
yeah that being said hopefully you're
enjoying what you're seeing so far it
sucks that I have to cut the videos like
shorter on this channel because I don't
know what I find I never move I mean I
have the lid half-nelson first I put the
guy in a full nelson then I kiss him
lightly on the nape of the neck then
either I win the fight or we go ice
skating and share a dessert all right
that was very suspect of mayor west I
would say that she is not the
straightest of guys but it's pretty
annoying that he talks like every time
it's like can you shut up and let me
just you know do me I don't like these
rainin loud noises either so I hope they
can get rid of that I put some mute in
the settings but it didn't seem to work
maybe that's glitched or something so
hey Chris
it appears you've earned a new skill for
your efforts you can equip the new skill
in much the same way that you equip the
wearable items left-click the main menu
and select character select skills and
drag the skill you wish to equipped on
to your skill bar so this is our skill
bar this is the fart in armpit thingy I
guess that's an attack somehow it hurts
people is our backpack which is the
equivalent of an inventory I guess so
let's see this character what's this
bazooka blah
all right let's how do we add this I
guess we would add
alright so skills energy bill combat
social I see those these are our skills
I guess we would just drag it down here
and nice alright so what about our
social we just have an armpit fart so I
guess has nothing to do with combat so
consumables we don't have any
consumables some gear this is just a
custom clothes that we have on alright
nice to see that we got like purchase
stuff with this I believe so I guess
that's what the shopping is all about
we'll look into that into a different
episode so let's see if Chris has any
more requests for us I don't think so
I can blow my nose right into my tongue
all right that's kind of disgusting
alright so let's find someone else to
get a quest from a lot of loading
screens so the consumables you can see
here it looks like the Cheez Whiz stuff
which is like the cheese whip cream type
thingamabob er that looks like a bear
trap I wouldn't want to try to that so I
don't know about all that the skills I
see a fire thingamabob er a flamethrower
and a pig and so there's characters that
you cut on long not fun good citizen if
you need me I'll be playing call of duty
yeah call it thumbs up for college I
used to have well I need you to find the
mailman and get me a new package I can
see there's a hat wait alright let's
take out so we're gonna be doing our
first quest for PETA probably in the
next episode yeah I want to start that
off in our next so I want to do a little
bit of exploring hey Stewie he's Oh drop
the body for manatees I'm gonna kill you
anyway okay so he wants nothing to do
with you right now so just doing a
little exploring
and Clark we drive and it doesn't look
like it I'm just exploring that the area
you know enjoying the sights of FAMILY
GUY the best show ever
hey dude alright you don't want to talk
to me alright so with that loud music
we're gonna end this video here be sure
to leave a like comment to follow my
Twitter connected me by liking my
Facebook page and I'll see you guys for
episode 3 see ya